Tutorial 05 - Group 03

Team Members:
Tanvir Ahamed Himel
Rohit Nair
Raj Chitodra
Ali Savab Pour
Viet Ho



WELCOME TO CINEMAGIC!

The landing page has two sections: the home and profile sections. We suggest users click on the profile section where they can easily create a profile, which would make purchasing tickets for the next time easier since the users' information would be saved and there would be no need to re-enter some of the information after signing up. Upon clicking on the profile section the users are navigated to a signup page, where they can enter their email and password and click on the signup button to create their own profile on the website. Also, if they already have an account on the website, they can log in to their account by entering the email and password they signed up with. For people who may forget their password, we have a “Forgot Password?” option, in which they can enter their email and if there exists an account with that email, they will receive an email with a link to reset their password with it.

After logging in, the user is taken to the profile page, where they can review their purchase history and update their profile, like changing their profile picture, name, email, and phone number, and choosing their preferred payment method. For instance, by choosing the credit card option, the user is taken to a page where they can enter their credit card information and have it saved on their profile for easy purchase.

By going to our homepage, the user has the option to logout by clicking on the button next to the profile now if they are logged in. On the homepage, the users are greeted with information about our theatre and get a glimpse of our lovely theatre. As they scroll down the “GET TICKETS” button helps the user to see the movies that are being shown and by scrolling to the bottom of the homepage users can see the latest news articles related to the movies. These articles show an image, a title, and a short description of the article. By clicking on each of the news articles, users can open them and read the longer description of the article which explains it in more detail. The easy-to-use carousel can used to navigate through the featured movies and upon clicking on a preferred movie the user is taken to the next page. The next page has the movie poster and a short description of the movie, there are multiple buttons like the watch trailer button where the user can see a live trailer of the movie and the read reviews button where the user would be able to read IMDb verified reviews, both these options would help the user to decide on if they prefer the cinema. After the user has made their mind up they can now click on the showtime button where taken to the date selection page where they can pick the date by clicking on the date selection calendar, and then select the available showtimes just below, after the user has selected a date and a showtime then can click on the confirm showtime button. Upon clicking the confirm button, the users get an alert about the exact date and showtime chosen.

When the user clicks “ok” on the alert, they are now taken to a simple and easy-selecting ticket-type page. There are several categories for different age groups, for example the user is an adult and has two children, they can click the plus sign once on the adult section to add an adult ticket and click on the plus sign twice on the child section to add two tickets. Upon doing the user is shown the rough total amount below. We have also added a special assistance bar where the user would be able to let us know about any special assistance they need so that we can accommodate them. They can finally confirm their tickets by clicking the confirm ticket button. After confirming the user would date to the seat selection page where we have a comprehensive layout for the user to choose their seats. As the seats are selected they are star marked showing the seats selected. To help the users better understand the seat types we have set different icons with labels, which makes it easier for the users to identify their required seat. If the user confirms 3 tickets and selects 4 seats and presses the confirm seat button they are given an alert to choose the same number of seats as the same number of tickets confirmed when the users are done choosing their seats, they can now hit the confirm seat button.


After choosing and confirming the preferred seats, the user is taken to the payment and contact page which asks the user for their email, phone number, and payment method after choosing the payment method, they can enter their payment information too; but if they are signed to their profile, all these information will be there by default. In addition, on the payment page, we have a promo code section that allows the user who has promo codes to apply them and get discounts on their purchase. After entering all the required information and clicking on the confirm, users are taken to a page that shows a summary of their purchase which shows the information about the movie, showtime, location, number of tickets, seat numbers, user’s information, and in the bottom they can see the prices and fees that they are paying. By confirming the payment, the user will receive an email that contains their ticket and will be taken to a page where they can see a QR code to their ticket, order number, cost, date, and time and a button to download the ticket.


After the order the user has their order saved under their order history if they are logged in. If the user feels the need that they want to change their password. They can use the change password button right above to change their password. Changing password have been made very simple as the user would just have to enter their previous password, and then enter the new one and confirm it. We have given the eye button which helps the user see what they are writing and the question button which guides the user on what letters, characters or numbers should be used for making a secure password. 

We have created an easy-to-use, sequential, user-friendly system where users can enjoy their favourite indie cinemas. Thanks for using CINEMAGIC!
